Update NixOS Wiki link (#11)
Athena-OS/athena-nix: docs/nix.md

```
HM usually adds a custom shell script sourced by your shell to set environment variables, so you need to manage your shell via HM with programs.name.enable. This means that env variables only will be visible to child processes of the shell, not graphical applications started from your launcher.

> Note that the wiki at https://wiki.nixos.org is unofficial and has a lot of wrong things, so don't follow it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the wiki at https://nixos.wiki unofficial and has a lot of wrong things, so don't follow it. There is also an official wiki at https://wiki.nixos.
```

If you still feel, there are too many wrong things in the wiki, feel free to join our matrix channel and point them out: https://matrix.to/#/#wiki:nixos.org
